hi I'm destiny hi I'm Victoria and we're
going to show you how to do it back then
ok so Victoria is going to be my person
the person that does it and I'm going to
be the spot but I stay in a stretch
sorry i have to get values to go in
there ok the way stretch is first you do
the butterfly
ok next Abdullah bridge for at least 10
seconds
123456789 then when you roll it up
which is really fun also and now we
stripped your wrist
you go like this right
and you show your nail
now we're ready to do a backbend are you
ready Victoria okay so when you do it
back then you have to stand with your
feet slink apart and you put your hands
up
we put your hand up and you've been back
and stay up that's exactly some people
can't get up
okay so then if your spotter you keep
doing it like clip for figure to begin
do the four fingers then you get down
you get up
you deal with three fingers
the dolls
you anything
then you get down
then you deal with two fingers
dang it down you do one finger
me get down and then usually usually the
person so I need to do it by themselves
and that's the end result oh
toodles